Worker queue documentation (#963)
astronomer/docs: astro/resource-reference-gcp.md

Modifying the region of an existing Astro cluster isn't supported. If you're interested in a GCP region that isn't on this list, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

### Worker node pools

> Node pools are a scalable collection of worker nodes with the same instance type. These nodes are responsible for running the Pods that execute Airflow tasks. If your cluster has a node pool for a specific instance type, you can configure tasks to run on those instance types using [worker queues](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues.md). To make an instance type available in a cluster, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io) with a request to create a new node pool for the specific instance type. Note that not all machine types are supported in all GCP regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node pools are a scalable collection of worker nodes with the same instance type. These nodes are responsible for running the Pods that execute Airflow tasks. If your cluster has a node pool for a specific instance type, you can configure tasks to run on those instance types using [worker queues](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues.md). To make an instance type available in a cluster, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io) with a request to create a new node pool for the specific instance type. Not all machine types are supported in all GCP regions.
```

> Astronomer monitors your usage and number of nodes deployed in your cluster. As your usage of Airflow increases, Astronomer might reach out with recommendations for updating your node pools to optimize your infrastructure spend or increase the efficiency of your tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer monitors your usage and the number of nodes deployed in your cluster. As your usage of Airflow increases, Astronomer support might contact you and provide you with recommendations for updating your node pools to optimize your infrastructure spend or increase the efficiency of your tasks.
```

For more information about the scheduler, see [Configure a Deployment](configure-deployment-resources.md#scheduler-resources).

:::

### Maximum node count

> Each Astro cluster has a limit on how many nodes it can run at once. This maximum includes worker nodes as well as system nodes managed by Astronomer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Astro cluster has a limit on how many nodes it can run at a time. This maximum includes worker nodes as well as system nodes managed by Astronomer.
```

The default maximum node count for all nodes across your cluster is 20. A cluster's node count is most affected by the number of worker Pods that are executing Airflow tasks. See [Worker autoscaling logic](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-autoscaling-logic).

> If the node count for your cluster reaches the maximum node count, new tasks might not run or get scheduled. Astronomer monitors maximum node count and is responsible for contacting your organization if it is reached. To check your cluster's current node count, contact [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the node count for your cluster reaches the maximum node count, new tasks might not run or get scheduled. Astronomer support monitors the maximum node count and will contact your organization if it is reached. To check your cluster's current node count, contact [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).
```
